 save compile save delete
 Here you can edit a certain mapping or create a Railo archive out of an existing one. save Virtual Resource Please enter a value for the resource (row  Archive Please enter a value for the archive name (row  Primary Resource Archive Inspect Templates (CFM/CFC) Never ( Best Performance ) When checked, any requested files found to currently reside in the template cache will not be inspected for potential updates. For sites where templates are not updated during the life of the server, this minimizes file system overhead. Always ( Bad ) When checked, any requested files found to currently reside in the template cache will always be inspected for potential updates. For sites where templates are updated during the life of the server or within request. Never ( Best Performance ) When checked, any requested files found to currently reside in the template cache will not be inspected for potential updates. For sites where templates are not updated during the life of the server, this minimizes file system overhead. Always ( Bad ) When checked, any requested files found to currently reside in the template cache will always be inspected for potential updates. For sites where templates are updated during the life of the server or within request. Top Level Make this mapping web-accessible (i.e., accessible via a browser or remote HTTP call) save cancel compile Compile all cfm and cfc files inside the mapping Stop on error Sets whether the compile process should be aborted on errors compile cancel create archive Generate a Railo archive (ra) from an existing mapping Secured Exclude source files from archive. Source files are only used for codeprints in case of an error When calling "", the archive on the remote client will be created but the download ignored, In this case you shouln't include remote synchronization. download archive assign archive to mapping cancel
 Please note, that only pages processed by Railo are aware of these mappings (cfm, cfml, cfc). If you want to use files not processed by Railo for these special mapping directories, you have to add virtual mappings to these directories to your application server. Virtual Resource Archive Primary Inspect Please enter a value for the resource (row  Please enter a value for the archive name (row  Resource Archive Never Always Resource Archive Never Always save save cancel delete compile
