resources component  flush update compile Reset to Server Administrator Setting
 Here you can edit a certain mapping or create a Railo archive out of an existing one. update Resource Please enter a value for the resource (row  Archive Please enter a value for the archive name (row  Primary Resource Archive Inspect Templates (CFM/CFC) update cancel Inspect Templates (CFM/CFC) Web Accessible compile Compile all cfm and cfc files inside the mapping Stop on error Sets whether the compile process should be aborted on errors compile cancel create archive Generate a Railo archive (ra) from an existing mapping Add Component Templates Add all Component Source Templates as well (.cfc). Add Non CFML Templates Add all Non CFML Source Templates as well (.js,.css,.gif,.png ...). When calling "", the archive on the remote client will be created but the download ignored, In this case you shouln't include remote synchronization. download archive assign archive to mapping cancel
 Define the component settings that will be used as a default for all web contexts.  Defines how components will be handled by Railo. Base/Root Component Please enter a value for the base/root component Every component that does not explicitly extend another component (attribute "extends") will by default extend this component. This means that every component extends this base component in some way. Every change on this Component needs a restart from Railo. Auto Import Please enter a value for the auto import field the following package defintion is imported into every template. Search local Search relative to the caller directory for the component Search mappings Search the component in the mappings defined, this include the implicit mapping "/", that points on the webroot Search subdirectories 
	Search for CFCs in the subdirectories of the "Additional Resources" below. Cache component path is cached and not resolved again component path is cached and not resolved again Component "dump" template Please enter a value for the "dump" template Data member access type private package public (CFML standard) remote Define the accessor for the data-members of a component. This defines how variables of the "this" scope of a component can be accessed from outside of the component. Implicit notation If there is no accessible data member (property, element of the this scope) inside a component, Railo searches for available matching &quot;getters&quot; or &quot;setters&quot; for the requested property. The following example should clarify this behaviour. &quot;somevar = myComponent.properyName&quot;. If &quot;myComponent&quot; has no accessible data member named &quot;propertyName&quot;, Railo searches for a function member (method) named &quot;getPropertyName&quot;. You can also set this in the Application.cfc as follows Variables scope Defines whether a component has an independent variables scope parallel to the &quot;this&quot; scope (CFML standard) or not. update cancel Reset to Server Administrator Setting Additional Resources Additional Resources that Railo checks for Components. Resource Archive Primary Inspect Please enter a value for the resource (row  Please enter a value for the archive name (row  Resource Archive Resource Archive update update cancel delete Create new Additional Resource Resource Archive Primary Resource Archive Inspect update update save
