security access  Define the access rights for the different web contexts (webapps). Under the "general" tab you can define default rights for all web contexts that do not have a specific definition in the "individual" tab. Define the General Access for administrator and tag cfadmin Define the security settings for a specific web context (webapps).
 General Access Define the General Access for administrator and tag cfadmin Access Read define the access for reading data Access Write define the access for writing data Web administrator Here you can define the access rights for the settings that can be overridden in the "web administrator". Settings (regional, component, scope) The settings (regional,component and scope) can be changed in the "web administrator" Mail The mail settings can be changed in the "web administrator" Datasource Defines how many datasources can be added in the "web administrator". Mapping Allows adding, removing and updating of mappings in the "web administrator". Remote It allows the settings in the administrator to be synchronized with other Railo contexts Custom Tag The custom tag settings can be changed in the "web administrator" CFX The settings for the cfx tags can be changed. The globally defined CFX tags defined in the "server administrator" can be used as well. Cache The cache settings can be changed in the "web administrator" Gateway The gateway settings can be changed in the "web administrator" ORM The ORM settings can be changed in the "web administrator" Debugging The debugging settings can be changed in the "web administrator" Search The search settings can be changed in the "web administrator" Scheduled task The scheduled task settings can be changed in the "web administrator" CFML Enviroment Settings that have an effect on how Railo code interacts with the host enviroment File access Defines how Railo can interact with the local filesystem in a web context.- none: allows no access to the filesystem at all- local: allows only access to the filesystem within the webroot- all: allows full file access on the hosts filesystem all local none Custom directories You can define additional directories where file access is allowed Directory Direct Java access Allows access to Java methods and properties from the Railo code (Example: stringValue.substring(2,5)). Allowing access to Java methods and properties might be a potential security risk Tags &amp; Functions Tags and Functions that might be a potential risk to the host system Tag CFExecute This tag is used to execute a process on the local hosts system Tag CFImport This tag can be used to import JSP and Railo tag libraries Tag CFObject / function CreateObject With the tag CFObject and the function CreateObject you can load Java objects. If disabled, you only can create objects of type "component" Tag CFRegistry With the tag CFRegistry you have full access to the registry of the local hosts system CFX tags With CFX tags one can load Java classes which might have full access to the local hosts system. This might be a potential security risk to the hosts system update cancel
 specific web context Security settings for a specific web context. You can edit or delete these contexts. Host name Path cancel delete create new web context Web context create cancel
