server scope  update Reset to Server Administrator Setting You can define the scope settings that will be used as default for all web contexts here. Here you can define the settings for how Railo handles scopes. Cascading Depending on this setting Railo scans certain scopes to find a variable called from the CFML source. This will only happen, when the variable is called without a scope. (Example: #myVar# instead of #variables.myVar#)- strict: scans only the variables scope- small: scans the scopes variables,url,form- standard (CFML Standard): scans the scopes variables,cgi,url,form,cookie Search resultsets When a variable has no scope defined (Example: #myVar# instead of #variables.myVar#), Railo will also search available resultsets (CFML&nbsp;Standard) or not Session type CFML J2EE J2EE Sessions allow to make sessions over a cluster. when you change this setting you will lose your current session and you must make a new login Merge URL and form This setting defines if the scopes URL and Form will be merged together (CFML Default is false). If a key already exists in Form and URL Scopes, the value from the Form Scope is used. Session management By default session management can be enabled. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Client management By default client management can be enabled. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Domain cookies Enable or disable domain cookies. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Client cookies Enable or disable client cookies. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Local scope mode Defines how the local scope of a function is invoked when a variable with no scope definition is used. Modern the local scope is always invoked Classic (CFML Default) the local scope is only invoked when the key already exists in it Session timeout Days Hours Minutes Seconds Value days for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value hours for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value minutes for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value seconds for  timeout must have a Integer Value Sets the amount of time Railo will keep the session scope alive. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Application timeout Days Hours Minutes Seconds Value days for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value hours for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value minutes for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value seconds for  timeout must have a Integer Value Sets the amount of time Railo will keep the application scope alive. This behaviour can be overridden by the tag cfapplication. Client timeout Days Hours Minutes Seconds Value days for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value hours for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value minutes for  timeout must have a Integer Value Value seconds for  timeout must have a Integer Value Sets the amount of time Railo will keep the client scope alive.  update cancel Reset to Server Administrator Setting You can also set this in the Application.cfc as follows
