server general  update Compatibility Mit diesem Wert werden alle Settings so gesetzt, dass sie möglichst dem CFML2009 Standard entsprechen und mit Implementationen anderer Hersteller kombatibel sind. Strict Mit diesem Wert werden alle Settings so gesetzt, dass Railo so streng wie möglich mit der Umsetzung des Code ist. Speed Mit diesem Wert werden alle Settings so gesetzt, dass sie eine möglichst schnelle Ausführung des Code erlauben. update cancel Component Data member access type Define the accessor for the data-members of a component. This defines how variables of the "this" scope of a component can be accessed from outside of the component. Implicit notation If there is no accessible data member (property, element of the this scope) inside a component, Railo searches for available matching &quot;getters&quot; or &quot;setters&quot; for the requested property. The following example should clarify this behaviour. &quot;somevar = myComponent.properyName&quot;. If &quot;myComponent&quot; has no accessible data member named &quot;propertyName&quot;, Railo searches for a function member (method) named &quot;getPropertyName&quot;. Variables scope Defines whether a component has an independent variables scope parallel to the &quot;this&quot; scope (CFML standard) or not. Charset Template charset Default character used to read templates (*.cfm and *.cfc files) Web charset Default character set for output streams, form-, url-, and cgi scope variables and reading/writing the header Resource charset Default character set for reading from/writing to various resources Scope Cascading Depending on this setting Railo scans certain scopes to find a variable called from the CFML source. This will only happen, when the variable is called without a scope. (Example: #myVar# instead of #variables.myVar#)- strict: scans only the variables scope- small: scans the scopes variables,url,form- standard (CFML Standard): scans the scopes variables,cgi,url,form,cookie Search resultsets When a variable has no scope defined (Example: #myVar# instead of #variables.myVar#), Railo will also search available resultsets (CFML&nbsp;Standard) or not Merge URL and form This setting defines if the scopes URL and Form will be merged together (CFML Default is false). If a key already exists in Form and URL Scopes, the value from the Form Scope is used. Local scope mode Defines how the local scope of a function is invoked when a variable with no scope definition is used. Datasource Settings Preserve single quotes Preserve single quotes (") in the SQL defined with the tag cfquery Custom Tag Settings Search subdirectories Search for custom tags in subdirectories. Search local Search in the caller directory for the custom tag Extensions These are the extensions used for Custom Tags, in the order they are searched.
