services orm 
 aktualisieren Settings Here you can define the default settings for the ORM Configuration, this settings can be overwritten in the Application.cfc with the struct "ormsettings". Automatically generate mapping Specifies whether Railo should automatically generate mapping for the persistent CFCs. If disabled, mapping should be provided in the form of .HBMXML files. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.autogenmap=true] Catalog Specifies the default Catalog that should be used by ORM. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.catalog='db'] Schema Specifies the default Schema that should be used by ORM. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.schema='sch'] Persistent Component Location Specifies the directory that should be used to search for persistent CFCs to generate the mapping. If cfclocation is set, Railo looks at only the paths specified in it. If it is not set, Railo looks at the application directory, its sub-directories, and its mapped directories to search for persistent Comonents. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.cfclocation='...'] Creating Tables behavior Specifies whether Railo should automatically generate mapping for the persistent CFCs. If disabled, mapping should be provided in the form of .HBMXML files. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.autogenmap=true] Event Handling Specifies whether ORM Event callbacks should be given. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.eventHandling=false] Flush at request end Specifies whether ormflush should be called automatically at request end. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.flushatrequestend=false] Log SQL Specifies whether the SQL queries that are executed by ORM will be logged. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.logSQL=false] Save Mapping Specifies whether the generated Hibernate mapping file has to be saved to file system. If enabled, the Hibernate mapping XML file is saved with the filename ""CFC name"".hbm.xml in the same directory as the CFC. If any value of savemapping is specified in CFC, it will override the value specified in the ormsetting. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.savemapping=false] Use DB for mapping Specifies whether the database has to be inspected to identify the missing information required to generate the Hibernate mapping. The database is inspected to get the column data type, primary key and foreign key information. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.useDBForMapping=true] SQL Script Path to the SQL script file that gets executed after ORM is initialized. This applies if dbcreate is set to dropcreate. This must be the absolute file path or the path relative to the application.The SQL script file lets you populate the tables before the application is accessed. This setting can be overwritten in Application.cfc as follows [this.ormsettings.sqlscript='...'] aktualisieren abbrechen
